in this adventure because
first he grabs me after me and
he throws me against the network
what I did
is also pushing him back and he
exaggerated nothing
the fall that was absolutely right
that was going to bother him but when
I was right he took out yellow me
he says I was going to get him yellow
but when I see that ball pushed I do not
is another to expel from the people
I the only thing that I apologized for the
the moment you want is to pass after
The truth is that I feel very angry
so I did what I push after
publicly apologize to my
companions to the people who are
supporting and good are things that happen in
football and the truth that I feel very
wrong
kidman that was what warmed you the most
the judge or the assassin or the
explanations to answer
it warmed me up what grabbed me and grabbed me
and it got worse when I told him it was a
bad person for doing that left me the
doctor that I go by on the court and
there
or insane and I went crazy out there in a
moment of fever where where feels
null everything and does not know what it does
no no does not give anything totally support
is my partner and good happy because
yes no but the truth is that I feel very
bad for
because they accused me and they were broken
important to me and the truth that I
I feel very aware that you can see
a sanction of two or three dates
I am aware of that but
now I just think about resting and
get ready with everyone because this soccer
and return as soon as they have the opportunity
to play again because
I will continue in the same way and has
become what I think